09/10/2020 

TURNING POINT BEAUTY COLLEGE 
5127 West Indian School Road, Suite 125   

Phoenix , AZ 85031 
•TEL (623) 846-14768 • FAX (623) 846-1477 

http://www.turningpointbeauty.com 
 
 

Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Report 

Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students 
 

Turning Point Beauty College (OPE: 03814300) received education stabilization funds under 
Section 18004(a)(1) of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES 
Act”), Public Law No: 116-136. This Fund Report applies to the student portion received under 
the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund that is designated exclusively for emergency 
financial aid grants to students. 

The institution appreciates that Congress and the President have made these critical funds 
available for eligible students who have expenses related to the disruption of campus operations 
due to the coronavirus pandemic. We take receipt of these federal funds seriously and are 
distributing them in accordance with the CARES Act and implementing guidance. 

The institution is making the below information available for transparency purposes and in 
compliance with the U.S. Department of Education’s (“Department”) Electronic Announcement 
of May 6, 2020.1 For questions or concerns regarding this Fund Report, please contact NHU 
HOLDER, PROJECT DIRECTOR at: nhuholder@gmail.com. 

1. The institution signed and returned to the Department the Certification and Agreement 
[for] Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students. The institution has used, or intends to 
use, no less than 50 percent of the funds received under Section 18004(a)(1) of the 
CARES Act to provide emergency financial aid grants to students. 

2. The total amount of funds that the institution will receive or has received from the 
Department pursuant to the institution’s Certification and Agreement [for] Emergency 
Financial Aid Grants to Students is $94,228.00. 

3. The total amount of emergency financial aid grants distributed to students under Section 
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act as of the date of this Fund Report is $47,119.00. 

4. The estimated total number of students at the institution eligible to participate in 
programs under Section 484 in Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and thus 
eligible to receive emergency financial aid grants under Section 18004(a)(1) of the 
CARES Act, as of the date of this Fund Report is 125. 

5. The total number of students who have received an emergency financial aid grant under 
Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act as of the date of this Fund Report is 37. 

6. The methods used by the institution to determine which students receive emergency 
financial aid grants and how much they would receive under Section 18004(a)(1) of the 
CARES Act are provided at (Attachment A) 

7. Any instructions, directions, or guidance provided by the institution to students 
concerning the emergency financial aid grants are provided at (Attachment A) 

 
 

1 See: https://ifap.ed.gov/electronic-announcements/050620HigherEdEmergencyReliefFundRptg 

http://www.turningpointbeauty.com/
mailto:,%20PROJECT%20DIRECTOR%20at:%20nhuholder@gmail.com.
https://ifap.ed.gov/electronic-announcements/050620HigherEdEmergencyReliefFundRptg


Turning Point Beauty College (Attachment A) 
HEERF Funds FAQ 

 
In the midst of the Coronavirus pandemic, the proprietary school sector has a unique opportunity. 
The federal government has included our schools in the Emergency Stabilization Fund for 
institutions of higher education authorized by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic 
Security Act (“CARES Act”). Starting the week of March 13, 2020, institutions are provided the 
opportunity to direct critical Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (“HEERF”) grants to 
those eligible students most impacted by the pandemic. This guide, developed with the assistance 
of sector leaders, supports institutions in understanding what they should know regarding the 
student and institutional portions of the HEERF, provides example formulas for the distribution 
of emergency financial aid grants to students, includes a sample grant application form, and lists 
general principles institutions should consider. This guide will be updated regularly based on 
ongoing stakeholder feedback and federal updates, so institutions are encouraged to check back 
often. For questions or concerns related to the guide or the Higher Education Emergency Relief 
Fund, please do not hesitate to contact CECU staff at GovernmentRelations@career.org. 

 
 

Turning Point Beauty College CARES/HEERF Emergency Grants Frequently 
Asked Questions 
What is CARES/HEERF and where did the funding for emergency grants come from? The 
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act was passed by Congress and 
signed into law on March 27, 2020. One aspect of the act was the creation of the Higher 
Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF). HEERF provides funds to institutions for 
emergency financial aid grants to students whose lives have been disrupted by the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
How much HEERF funding did Turning Point Beauty College receive? Turning Point 
Beauty College has been allocated $94,228.00 million to provide emergency grants to students 
for expenses related to the disruption of campus operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Funds are intended to help with academically related expenses such as food, housing, course 
materials, technology, healthcare, and childcare that resulted from the disruption in campus 
operations. 
Who is eligible for HEERF Emergency Grants? There are three general eligibility criteria for 
these funds: 1) students must be currently enrolled and active as of March 15, 2020; 2) students 
are eligible to receive federal financial aid from Turning Point Beauty College; and 3) 
students must not be enrolled in a completely online program as of March 15, 2020. Currently 
enrolled students who are not eligible for federal HEERF Emergency Grants may be able to 
receive different emergency grants supported by other sources of funding. 
If I am not eligible for the HEERF emergency grants, will the College still help me? Yes. 
The College is looking for ways to assist as many currently enrolled students during this 
pandemic as possible. Students who were eligible to file the California Dream Act Application 
(or have completed an AB 540 document) may receive emergency grants. Those grants will 
come from other non-federal funds at the College. As long as funds are available, the grants will 
be the same amounts as the HEERF emergency grants. 

mailto:GovernmentRelations@career.org


Will I receive the emergency grant even if I owe the College money? Yes. If you are eligible 
for these emergency grants, you will receive the money even if you have current financial holds 
or owe the campus fees or fines. 
Does it matter how many units I am taking in spring 2020? No. Emergency grant amount will 
be the same for full- and part-time students, however, students must be currently enrolled and 
eligible to receive the funds. 
Do I need to apply for the Emergency Grant? No.  Based on the program of the student and 
whether or not they are receiving Title IV aid, the students received or will receive based on the 
following: 
$654.00 for Title IV Cosmetology Students 
$249.00 for Non-Title IV Cosmetology Students 
$326.00 for Title IV Nail Technology Students 
$204.00 for Non-Title IV Nail Technology Students 
 
To offset expenses relating to the disruption of campus operations.  
 
How much emergency grant money will I receive? If students are eligible and have incurred at 
least $400.00 in expenses due to the disruption in campus operations, students will receive the 
amount described in the previous paragraph. The amount of HEERF funding that institutions 
received varied based on the Department of Education’s allocation formula. That means the 
amount of the emergency grants at Turning Point Beauty College will not be the same as at 
other colleges. Each institution had to develop its own strategy for disbursing the funds to 
eligible students enrolled at their campus. 
How will I know if I am awarded? You will receive an award notification from The College. 
You can also view your award in person at Financial Aid Office. 
How will I receive my Emergency Grant? All financial aid disbursements will be printed out 
and available at Financial Aid Office. 
When will I receive my emergency grant? We do not have an exact timeline, but funds will be 
awarded soon after students are identified as eligible.  Funds will be disbursed until they are 
exhausted. 
Will Financial Aid contact me about my application? If you are awarded, you will be notified 
via phone calls and in person. You can also view your award in person. If students are not 
eligible, the Financial Aid will try to contact students to provide additional insights but given the 
volume of anticipated requests, the Financial Aid office may not be able to reach students. 
How can I use the money? The grant should be used for academically related expenses incurred 
due to COVID-19. Some examples include expenses related to food, housing, course materials, 
technology, healthcare, and childcare. 
What if I need more money than the emergency grant I received? We understand that 
students have significant needs during this time. The HEERF Emergency Grants are meant to 
help meet your financial needs. But we know the grants will not be enough money for many 
students. 
More questions? Please contact the Turning Point Beauty College Financial Aid Office if 
you have any questions. 



Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students Application 

Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students 
Under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (“CARES”) Act 

 
The U.S. Department of Education has made Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students of our institution who are 
in need of financial support for their expenses related to the disruption of campus operations due to Coronavirus. 
This application permits students to apply for these need-based grants. Campus administration will use the 
information you provide here to determine your eligibility for a grant and the amount for which you will be eligible. 
Each student will be eligible for only one grant, and only one application will be considered per student. Please fill 
out this information neatly and completely and provide it to your campus Financial Aid Officer, Bursar, or Campus 
Director. Only active students who are participating in courses actively and who are in good standing will be eligible 
to receive a grant. 

 
Student Name:  Email:    

 

Postal Address:  City:  State: CA Zip:    
 

Last Four Digits of SSN:  Phone Number:  ( )  
 

Have you incurred expenses due to disruptions caused by the Coronavirus pandemic? 
   Yes  No 

 
Check all situations that apply to you. 
   I am financially responsible for my food expenses 
   I am financially responsible for my housing expenses 
   I am financially responsible for expenses related to my course materials to attend school 
   I am financially responsible for paying for technologies associated with attending online classes 
   I am financially responsible for my own health care costs 
   I have children and am financially responsible for childcare expenses 

 
I attest that all information is true and accurate, and I am requesting a one-time Emergency Financial Aid Grant to 
help cover the cost of expenses incurred due to the Coronavirus pandemic. I understand that I will be unable to 
revise this request after submitting it, and I understand that the administration of my school will determine my 
eligibility for grant monies based on my responses to the questions above. 
Signature Date 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

For Administration Use Only 
Administrator Name: Administrator Position: 

 
 

 
 

Student Eligibility Amount: $  


	09/10/2020
	Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Report Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students
	Turning Point Beauty College CARES/HEERF Emergency Grants Frequently Asked Questions