PANDEMIC PLANNING TEAM & EXPANDED WORKING GROUPS 

December 2020- ARCHIVED 
 

1 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

Pandemic Planning Team
Dr. Houston Davis, Grp Lead 

Amy Whitehead  

Dr. Patricia Poulter  

Diane Newton  

Ronnie Williams  

Jim Nabors  

Dr. Stephanie McBrayer  

Dr. Randy Pastor  

Sandy Childress  

John Merguie  

Carol Walton  

Trevor Seifert  

Dr. Phillip Bailey  

Ashley Pettingill  

Larry Lawrence  

Amanda Hoelzeman 

John Fincher 

Dr. Jen Talbot 

Jamaal Lockings 

Steven Shook 

  

Charge  

The Pandemic Planning Team is charged with identifying challenges related to the COVID-19 

pandemic, and implementing all facets of the UCA Pandemic Preparedness and Response Plan. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Ensure that UCA Pandemic Committee work stays in sync with Higher Education Work Group 

of Governor’s Economic Recovery Task Force (Weekly) 

● Mirror protocol and guidance from Arkansas Department of Health on signage, self-screening, 

face coverings, temperature screening, building entrances, common areas, work stations, 

meeting/conference rooms, and cleaning requirements (Weekly...and by June 15) - 

COMPLETED 

● Return to Work Details and Documentation - Phase 1A (June 8), Phase 1B (June 22), Phase 2 

(July 6), & Phase 3 (August 10) - COMPLETED 

● Return to Instruction (Aug. 20) - Details and Documentation - COMPLETED 

● Plan for Virtual Pivot and Academic Sustainability - COMPLETED 

 

 

Test, Trace, & Isolate Working Group 
Dr. Randy Pastor, Group Lead 

Sandy Childress  

Stephanie Hinsley 

Sandra Kemp  

Cindy Freeman 

Dr. Susan Sobel 

Reesa Ramsaha 

Ary Servedio 

Arian Story 

Abigail Scott 

Jamaal Lockings

 

Plus working in consultation with Arkansas Department of Health and other health system partners 

 

Charge 

The Test, Trace & Isolate Working Group is responsible for identifying COVID-19 testing options for 

UCA employees and students, developing protocols for tracing contacts for exposure, and working 

collaboratively with the Office of Housing and Residence Life, Human Resources and Risk 

Management, and the Physical Plant to quarantine individuals that are suspected or proven to have 

COVID-19. 



 

2 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Student Health Center operational by June 8 - COMPLETED 

● Testing capabilities with CRHS and others by June 8 - COMPLETED 

● Quarantine and isolation spaces in university houses and duplexes by June 8 - COMPLETED 

● Testing & Tracing Consortia with Hendrix, CBC, and CRHS announced and launched - 

COMPLETED 

● Tracing process in place along with strategy for training tracers by August 10 - COMPLETED 

● Quarantine and isolation spaces in Carmichael Hall by August 15 - Spaces to be set by Monday, 

August 24 and staffing of building in place during that week 

● Regional higher education testing centers & resources operational by August 15 - State 

fulfillment of rapid test units has been delayed. 

 

 

Academic Planning Working Group
Dr. Patricia Poulter, Group Lead 

Dr. Jonathan Glenn  

Dr. Kurt Boniecki  

Dr. Kevin Thomas  

Council of Deans 

Academic Council 

  

Charge  

The Academic Planning Working Group will finalize dates for the academic calendar, address issues 

related to hybrid scheduling, determine appropriate social distancing practices within classroom settings, 

determine policies related to grade forgiveness and academic probation, and prepare faculty and all 

student support units for remote instruction and service delivery should face-to-face classroom 

instruction be cancelled. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Finalize academic calendar adjustments for 2020-21 including planning for remote operation 

from Thanksgiving Break to MLK Day (by June 1) - COMPLETED 

● Produce a companion document to this that outlines broad-based academic and department 

planning for fall semester by the week of June 22 - COMPLETED 

○ Associate Provosts Glenn and Boniecki are coordinating this effort, combining 

information from the Physical Distancing and PPE Working Groups 

○ All colleges and departments will have a document that includes general, campus-wide 

best practice, as well as very specific information including but not limited to building 

maps with traffic patterns (as appropriate); ingress-egress patterns for classrooms, labs, 

studios, rehearsal spaces - COMPLETED 

○ All programs with practica, internships, clinical experiences will partner with their 

professional partners for guidance and will document procedures (ongoing and variable) 

○ Guidance for cleaning, sanitizing desks/tables/work stations 

○ Capacity for classrooms, labs, rehearsal spaces, studios and alternative scheduling plans 

○ Identification of spaces that will not be readily available to students to ensure appropriate 

cleaning schedules and access 



 

3 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

● Flexible schedule guidance appropriate to all academic departments, created and recommended 

by the A/B Schedule Working Group (by week of June 22)  

● Inventory by academic department of courses online for 100% of fall semester by July 21 - 

COMPLETED 

● Torreyson Library stand-alone documents will be available by July 15 - COMPLETED 

● Outreach and Community Engagement guidelines for engaging with community partners 

● Arkansas Coding Academy plan and guidelines 

● Enrollment Management Units (Academic Advising, Admissions, Financial Aid, and Registrar’s 

Office) guidelines- COMPLETED  

● Academic continuity plan for all courses in the event that university has to pivot back to remote 

operations to complete the term (by August 1) - COMPLETED 

 

The Academic Planning Working Group has several subgroups working on various facets of the 

planning process. Information on these subgroups is available in the appendix of this document.  

 

 

CARES Act Working Group
Diane Newton, Group Lead   

Andrew Courtway    

Warren Readnour   

Cheryl Lyons   

Sandra Ott    

Cassandra McCuien-Smith    

Terri Canino     

Jennifer Newton  

Carol Walton                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

    

Charge    

The CARES Act Working Group will identify appropriate expenditures that can be made using CARES 

Act funding, disburse funds to appropriate student accounts, and ensure compliance with all federal 

requirements. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Make the majority of disbursements of Part A of CARES Act funding dedicated to direct support 

for students of $4,802,462 by September 1.  Certain funding allocated for distribution by the 

Student Support and Resource Center is expected to be expended after September 1. As of 

11.06.20 -   As of 11.25.20 - entire allocation has been expended (6,858 unique students received 

a CARES grant) and drawn down from G5.  Website has been updated accordingly. 

● Make determination of all COVID-19 expenses eligible for reimbursement using Part B of 

CARES Act funding of $4,802,462 dedicated to institutional support by September 1 

○ As of 02.01.21 - Total expended $4,343,064/Total drawn down $4,334,212.  Required 

CARES Institutional Relief/SIP quarterly reports (QE 9/30/2020, 12/31/2020) accessible 

through CARES Act funding webpage. Next quarterly report (QE 3/31/2021) to be 

posted by 04/10/2021.  Annual report (on calendar year 2020 CARES HEERF 

expenditures) submitted 01/26/21. 

● Make determination of all COVID-19 expenses eligible for reimbursement using funding 

through the CARES Act Strengthening Institutions Program (Part C) by September 1 



 

4 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

○ As of 12.02.2020 -  Lost revenues of $475,012 identified/Total drawn down $475,012.  

All funds in allocation expended and drawn down as of 12.02.2020. 

● Cross reference FEMA eligible expenses with CARES Act pool B eligible expenses by 

December 31st.  CARES Working Group to begin discussing identification of expenses related 

to quarantine & isolation housing not reimbursed through CARES funding for possible 

reimbursement through FEMA contingent upon grant approval. 

● Cross reference eligible expenses with CARES funds available from the State of Arkansas by 

September 1.  As of 11.19.20 - following ADH audit, per ADHE we have approximately $45k 

remaining in allocation.  Invoices must be submitted by 12/11/2020 to guarantee reimbursement.  

Purchasing is working on this. Update 02.01.2021 - full $977,366 allocation expended and 

reimbursements received by 12.31.2020. 

● Ensure documentation of all steps and initiatives with expectation of reporting to USDOE by mid 

fall 

● Ensure publication of certain information regarding distribution of CARES Act emergency 

financial aid grants on the website and update as needed or required by regulation.  This is 

ongoing.  Per updated DOE guidance, this must be done (at a minimum) no later than the 10th 

day of the month following the conclusion of the previous calendar quarter (e.g., by Oct 10th for 

the quarter ending Sept 30th).  Compliance provides UMAC the information for updates to this 

information as needed. 

CRRSAA  

● CRRSAA Student Grant allocation ($4,802,462) 

○ 8457 students who met the following criteria were notified on 01.28.2021 they would 

each receive $570 from the University’s CRRSAA student grant allocation to assist with 

eligible educational expenses or those arising due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic: 

■ U.S. citizen or eligible non-citizen (eligible to receive federal student aid) 

■ Enrolled in at least 1 credit hour for the Spring 2021 semester as of 01.25.2021 

(last date to register for full spring semester courses). 

■ High school concurrent students were not notified. 

■ An additional 47 students were separately notified of eligibility contingent upon 

confirmation of eligible citizenship status. 

○ This initiative will utilize full $4.8M CRRSAA student grant allocation with funds in 

excess of this amount being taken from either remaining CARES Institutional Relief or 

CRRSAA Institutional Portion allocations. 

● CRRSAA Institutional Portion ($10,654,138) 

● CARES Act Working Group will discuss potential uses of funding, but use is not as limited as 

CARES Institutional Relief funding and may be used for lost revenue. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

5 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

Communications Working Group
Amanda Hoelzeman, Group Lead 

Dr. Houston Davis  

Amy Whitehead  

Mark Heffington 

Carol Walton (“campaign” coordination)

  

Charge  

The Communications Working Group shall prepare all internal and external communications related to 

COVID-19, including maintenance of the Coronavirus webpage, responding to media inquiries, and 

crafting campus updates through email and video.  

 

Key Deliverables 

● Respond to all media and external requests on a daily basis 

● Craft regular communications to faculty, staff, students, families, etc. on a weekly basis 

● Reposition the uca.edu/coronavirus webpage to be the primary messaging tool for:  

○ 1. UCA’s Return to Work Plans;  

○ 2. UCA’s Return to Instruction Plans;  

○ 3. FAQ for Students and Parents;  

○ 4. General Health and Safety Guidelines; and  

○ 5. UCA’s Academic Continuity Plan 

● Campaign logistics: Coordinate the development, inventory, and deployment of building 

signage, hand sanitizing stations, face coverings, etc. for each phase of return beginning June 8 

(ready and in place by June 1) - COMPLETED 

● Campaign media: Craft and schedule regular UCA return to work videos and communication 

tools beginning June 1st. - COMPLETED 

 

 

Emergency Student Grant Committee
John Fincher, Group Lead 

Kelly Owens  

Cassandra Ward  

Julia Robinson  

Sandra Ott  

Maria Negrete Padron 

  

Charge  

The Emergency Student Grant Committee is charged with disbursing CARES Act funding that has been 

allocated by the VPFA in the amount of $500,000, as well as the private foundation funding that has 

been raised for Emergency Student funds. The group shall consult with the Director of Compliance on 

any compliance questions and be prepared to submit a report of its activities and disbursements as 

requested by UCA Administration.  

 

Key Deliverables 

● Direct first phase of funds to backlog of requests (June 1) - COMPLETED 

● Fully process Round 1 of CARES Emergency Grant Applications (1,000+) (August 1) 



 

6 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

● Maximize both CARES Act funding and private funding to needs of all students (including 

bridging needs of students not eligible for Title IV funds) (August 1) 

● Coordinate with Information Technology and Finance & Administration on technology 

(primarily laptops) access initiative (August 1) 

● Establish regular reporting to ensure that CARES Act disbursements remain compliant (through 

the fall semester) 

 

 

HR & Legal Working Group 
Amy Whitehead, Group Lead   

Dr. Graham Gillis  

Warren Readnour  

  

Charge  

The HR & Legal Working Group will identify and plan for any human resources or legal issues related 

to a phased return to work. This includes consistent application of a remote work approval process, 

guidance related to available employee leave time, and developing Q&A documents and training for 

supervisors.  

 

Key Deliverables 

● Develop a Remote Work Assignment tool for use by employee and supervisor (May 11) - 

COMPLETED 

● Develop a FAQ for Return to Normal Operations with phases beginning June 8 to August 9 

(May 15) - COMPLETED 

● Outline leave options and the processes relevant to the COVID-19 context and return to work 

(May 15) - COMPLETED 

● Evaluate guidance from Division of Building Authority as a first sign of likely guidance for 

higher education from the State of Arkansas and Arkansas Department of Health (May 15) - 

COMPLETED 

● Schedule training sessions for supervisors in preparation for phases of return beginning June 8 

(all sessions in last two weeks of May) - COMPLETED 

 

 

Quarantine and Isolation Housing Working Group 
Dr. Stephanie McBrayer, Group Lead 

Diane Newton 

Jim Nabors 

Dr. Randy Pastor 

 

Charge 

This group will add to the previously used university houses on Farris, Elizabeth, Mitchell, and Bruce as 

well as the Georgetown Duplex Units. In particular, this group will make the preparations for 

Carmichael Hall being held in its whole for any needs related to quarantine and isolation. 



 

7 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Make preparation for Short/Denney Hall to be used for early arrival quarantines for students 

coming from international locations. - COMPLETED BUT NO LONGER NECESSARY 

● Make preparation for the entirety of Carmichael Hall to be used for quarantine and isolation for 

the fall semester and possibly spring semesters including operating a 24/7 Information Desk.  

● Make preparation for the continued use in the fall of the Georgetown Duplexes and other houses 

for isolation housing. - COMPLETED 

● Aramark has named Paul Deden as lead supervisor to be tasked with quarantine and isolation 

deliveries - COMPLETED 

 

 

International Engagement Working Group
Dr. Phillip Bailey, Group Lead 

Ashley Pettingill  

Dr. Stephanie McBrayer  

Dr. Randy Pastor 

Ross Duncan 

Jim Nabors 

Anthony Howell 

Sarah Habtemariam 

Pamela Woodard George 

Celeste Flowers

  

Charge  

The International Engagement Working Group will identify and resolve any issues related to returning 

international students during fall 2020. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Ensure that all international students remaining in Conway for the summer are identified and 

regularly checked on for health and safety (weekly). 

● Provide emergency funding for students remaining in Conway (June 1). - COMPLETED 

● Identify all returning and new international students for fall 2020 and educate them on any 

protocol related to their arrival in the U.S. (July 1) (COMPLETED) 

 

 

Physical Distancing Working Group
John Fincher, Group Lead 

Hank Phelps, Co-Lead 

Richard Hammond  

Dean Covington  

Dr. Randy Pastor  

Larry Lawrence  

Darrell Walsh  

Jim Nabors  

John Phelps  

Carrie Reed 

Adam Hensley 

Dr. Jonathan Glenn 

Dr. Stephanie McBrayer 

Melanie Watson 

Amanda Horton  

Carol Walton

  

Charge  

The Physical Distancing Working Group is charged with developing physical distancing guidelines for 

high-traffic areas of campus (HPER Center, Student Center, Torreyson Library, etc.), developing 



 

8 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

appropriate signage related to personal hygiene and physical distancing, and recommending physical 

changes and protocols for limiting the potential for the spread of COVID-19. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Campus Signage: Advise on signage needs throughout those areas that can promote personal 

hygiene and distancing strategies. Currently 13 sign-types in development with Communication 

Working Group (June 8) - COMPLETED 

○ Additional Signage for Phase 2 (June 22) - COMPLETED 

○ Additional Signage for Phase 3 (August 1) 

● Best Practices for Facilities:   

○ Summarize CDC, ADH, and other guidelines into reference document (June 22) 

○ Determine spaces on campus that constitute high-traffic areas with best practice 

guidelines for physical changes to spaces to ensure social distancing (Draft - June 8) 

(Final - June 22) - COMPLETED 

○ Classify and inventory large campus venues and ensure ADH approval for venues and 

events over 100 have been initiated. - (Ongoing) 

● Academic Building Operational Plans: Review plans to provide feedback and align language 

across the institution (August 10) 

○ Best Practices for Groups: Preliminary Guidance for Classroom and Academic Building 

Adjustments - a summary of existing CDC and State of Arkansas guidance regarding 

classroom modifications to assist with academic planning (June 8)- COMPLETED 

○ Best Practices for RSO and Student Gatherings (August 1)     

● Assist PPE Working Group with determining campus equipment and purchasing needs, such as 

plexiglass barriers, durable 6-ft floor markings, etc. (Ongoing/As Needed) 

 

 

PPE Working Group
Ronnie Williams, Group Lead 

Diane Newton  

Cassandra McCuien-Smith  

Amy Whitehead  

Dr. Kurt Boniecki  

Larry Lawrence  

Amanda Horton  

Melanie Watson 

Dr. Randy Pastor

  

Charge  

The PPE Working Group will assess the on-campus needs for personal protective equipment (PPE), 

secure cost estimates from vendors, and purchase adequate PPE for students, faculty, and staff. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Ensure that PPE procurement is done in an aggregate fashion for the entire campus to ensure 

price leverage (June 1) - COMPLETED 

● Acquire necessary face coverings, hand sanitizing stations, and cleaning supplies to meet the 

needs of each phase of return beginning June 8 (initial supplies in place by June 1) 



 

9 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

● Face coverings will be required so the PPE committee must develop a comprehensive list of 

needed inventory and acquire it prior to August 10. - COMPLETED 

 

 

Technology Access Working Group  
Trevor Seifert, Group Lead 

Russ Hancock, Foundation Fundraising 

Corey Throneberry, Coordinator 

John Fincher, Application Process Coordinator 

Drew Courtway, Compliance Coordinator 

  

Charge  

The Technology Access Working Group is charged with identifying and procuring the needed 

equipment for students and faculty in order to successfully support a hybrid or remote learning and 

working environment. This group should consult with the Office of Purchasing and the VPFA regarding 

all expenditures. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Ensure an inventory by August 20 of laptops to meet needs of all returning and new students. 

UCA IT has received the 350 laptops ordered for student disbursement. - COMPLETED 

● Create a process for students to apply for laptops, with a plan for distribution and tracking of 

inventory. Will incorporate the student hardship process. 

● Work with the UCA Foundation to set up additional funding avenues for laptop purchases. - 

COMPLETED 

● The university is working with SHI and Zoom to purchase campus wide zoom licensing, this 

initial purchase will look to fill all gaps.  Ongoing - we will create an enterprise solution and 

look at consolidation of existing accounts - IT has rolled out zoom and created a TDX template 

to allow for additional users to request a zoom account. - COMPLETED 

● The university has purchased DocuSign, initial plans are to focus on 4 documents, 3 from 

purchasing (emergency purchase justification, purchase justification, purchase change order) and 

1 from HR(PAF).  The approach will be to have Purchasing champion the project with a train the 

trainer model, and look to move to an enterprise solution in the future. 

● Classroom technology inventory completed, currently collaborating with a small working group 

to close any gaps. 

● IT has created a campus Wi-Fi coverage map and are working with the physical plant to place 

117 picnic tables outdoors to accommodate additional physical distancing needs.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

10 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

Appendix 
 

The Academic Planning Working Group had three ad-hoc working groups that assisted in various 

aspects of academic planning. The roster and charge for each group are listed below.  

 

 

Online/Hybrid Attendance Working Group 

Jen Talbot, Group Lead 

Amy Hawkins, Group Lead 

Vicki Parish 

Adam Peterson 

Rick Tarkka 

Thomas Lowder 

Jessica Underwood 

Anthony McMullen 

Carl Olds 

Patty Kohler-Evans

 

Charge 

The Online/Hybrid Attendance Working Group sought out best practices for defining and recording 

student attendance in a variety of instructional modes. These options are intended to allow faculty to 

develop attendance and participation policies that are appropriate for their course goals and are flexible 

enough to accommodate the intermittent need for remote instruction. 

 

Key Deliverables 

● Identified online attendance and participation considerations. 

● Developed a menu of attendance options and scenarios appropriate for various instructional 

models. https://uca.edu/cte/instructional-models/#oap 

 

Instructional Technology Working Group

Trevor Seifert, Group Lead 

Matt Tanner 

Vicki Parish 

Gary Bunn 

John Black 

Ashton Hankins 

Scott Meador 

Carla Barber  

Jacqueline Rainey

 

Charge 

The Instructional Technology Working Group was tasked with completing a technology inventory of all 

classrooms on campus. The group also worked to procure and test technology so that all classrooms are 

outfitted with the appropriate technology for remote learning.  

 

Key Deliverables 

● The group took an inventory of technology in all schedulable classrooms on campus 

https://uca.edu/cte/instructional-models/#oap


 

11 
Updated as of 2/10/2021 by AW 

● Working with representatives from each College to determine faculty technology needs for the 

fall semester 

● Set up a lab in Torreyson West for faculty to get hands on the technology that might be 

required for fall instruction 

● Working with Purchasing to purchase the required technology, examples of that might be 

amplification systems, lapel mics, webcams, tripods, etc. 

● Currently installing a webcam in all instructional spaces on campus 

● Putting together documentation on how to operate the new technology (for amplification, 

recording, etc.). 

 

Instructional Models Working Group

Gary Bunn, Group Lead 

Valerie Couture 

Thomas Snyder 

Taine Duncan 

Art Gillaspy 

Brent Hill 

Amy Hawkins 

Technology support by Susan Hall, Judy 

Kinnison, and Adam Peterson

 

Charge 

The Instructional Models Working Group was asked to explore alternative scheduling options for face-

to-face classes that meet all guidelines for safety and maximum occupancy in classrooms while 

providing faculty with flexibility to structure classes to meet instructional objectives.  

 

Key Deliverables 

● Reviewed instructional models and considered the appropriateness for use in the anticipated 

fall semester environment. 

● Compiled information about these models in a chart format to serve as a "menu of options" for 

faculty to consider (attached). 

● Connected the instructional models options with resources to help faculty implement their 

selected models. 

● Collaborated with other groups such as the technology and communication working groups 

and Student Support and Resource Center to aid each in their part of the planning process.