CARES Act: Fund Report  

as of 09/30/2020 

 

1. The Alabama College of Osteopathic Medicine (ACOM) signed and returned to the U.S. 

Department of Education the Recipient’s Funding Certification and Agreement Emergency 

Financial Aid Grants to Students under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security 

(CARES) Act and the Recipient’s Funding Certification and Agreement for the Institutional 

Portion of the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fun Formula Grants Authorized by Section 

18004(a)(1) of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. The institution 

intends to use no less than 50 percent of the funds received under Section 18004(a)(1) of the 

CARES Act to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students. 

2. The total amount of funds that the institution will receive or has received from the Department 

pursuant to the Recipient’s Funding Certification and Agreement Emergency Financial Aid Grants 

to Students under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act is $93,403. 

The total amount of funds that the institution has received from the Department pursuant to 

the Recipient’s Funding Certification and Agreement for the Institutional Portion of the Higher 

Education Emergency Relief Fund Formula Grants Authorized by Section 18004(a)(1) of the 

Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act is $93,402. 

3. As of September 30, 2020, the total amount of Emergency Financial Aid Grants distributed to 

students under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act is $136,675.  

4. The estimated number of students at ACOM who are eligible to receive Emergency Financial Aid 

Grants under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act is 664.  

5. As of September 30, 2020, the total number of students who have received an Emergency 

Financial Aid Grant under Section 18004(a)(1) of the Cares Act is 497.  

6. The institution elected to use 100% of the funding received under Section 18004(a)(1) of the 

CARES Act to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students. The funds were initially made 

available in equal portions to all students who were enrolled during the 2020 Spring Term and 

incurred expenses related to the disruption of campus operations due to coronavirus (including 

eligible expenses under the student cost of attendance such as food, housing, course materials, 

technology, health care, and child care). Eligible students may elect to decline funding, and the 

declined funding will be distributed equally among eligible students who request funding. 

7. Guidance concerning the Emergency Financial Aid Grants was provided to eligible students by 

the institution in an announcement issued on 06/19/2020. The announcement included the 

following statement: 

 

 



 

CARES ACT- Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students 

 

Under the federal CARES Act as described below, each student enrolled at ACOM during the 

2020 Spring semester may receive approximately $275 to help defray student expenses related 

to the disruption of ACOM campus and curriculum operations due to coronavirus.  

 

To request or decline funding, students must sign and submit the attached Attestation Form to 

studentaccounts@acom.edu.  Declined funds will be distributed equally among eligible students 

who request funding.  

 

As outlined below, ACOM will receive a total of $186,805 through Section 18004(a)(1) of the 

CARES Act. Under the Act, at least 50 percent of this funding is required to be used to provide 

emergency financial aid grants to students. In order to provide the maximum benefit to ACOM 

students, ACOM’s administration has elected to grant 100 percent of the $186,805 to its eligible 

students in equal distributions, i.e. approximately $275 per eligible student.  

 

Background: The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was a bill 

signed into law on March 27, 2020, designed to provide financial support and resources to 

individuals and businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The $2 trillion stimulus bill was 

the largest stimulus bill in U.S. history and Congress’ third major piece of legislation to address 

the COVID-19 crisis.  

 

The CARES Act created an Education Stabilization Fund with the purpose to prevent, prepare for 

and respond to coronavirus, domestically or internationally. The CARES Act provides several 

different methods for distributing roughly $14 billion in funds to institutions of higher 

education. The most significant portion of that funding allocation provides that $12.56 billion 

will be distributed to institutions using a formula based on student enrollment. Based on this 

formula, ACOM will receive $186,805 through Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.  

 

The CARES Act directs institutions of higher education to use at least 50 percent of funds 

received under Section 18004(a)(1) to provide emergency financial aid grants to students for 

expenses related to the disruption of campus operations due to coronavirus (including eligible 

expenses under a student’s cost of attendance, such as food, housing, course materials, 

technology, health care, and child care). 

  

Students who are or could be eligible to participate in programs under Section 484 in Title IV of 

the Higher Education Act of 1965 may receive emergency financial aid grants. The criteria to 

participate in programs under Section 484 of the HEA include but are not limited to the 

following: U.S. citizenship or eligible noncitizen; a valid Social Security number; registration with 

Selective Service (if the student is male); and a high school diploma, GED, or completion of high 

school in an approved homeschool setting. Financial aid grant eligibility is limited to Title IV-

eligible students who were enrolled during the time of coronavirus-related disruptions to 

campus operations. Based upon our interpretation of U.S. Department of Education rules and 

guidance pertaining to student eligibility, we have determined that all ACOM students who were 

enrolled during the Spring 2020 Term may be eligible to receive these grant funds. 

mailto:studentaccounts@acom.edu


Note: The final quarterly posting is the final report that covers all remaining HEERF fund 

expenditures for Section 18004(a)(1) Student Portion funds.