Arkansas Baptist College  
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Grants to 

Students 
 

Introduction  

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act includes a Higher Education 

Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF), which established emergency grants intended to assist college 

students with expenses incurred due to the disruption of campus operations.  These funds are 

disbursed directly to students to assist with food, housing, course materials, technology, 

healthcare, child-care, or other expenses.   

Following guidelines from the U.S. Department of Education, Arkansas Baptist College will 

disburse these cash grants to students who are most in need of financial relief due to the ongoing 

global pandemic.  Grants will be awarded according to the availability of funds and 

documentation of financial impact.   

Arkansas Baptist College has signed and returned to the U.S. Department of Education, the 

Certification and Agreement and the assurance to use no less than fifty (50) percent of the funds 

received under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants 

to students. 

Fund Distribution 

Arkansas Baptist College determined which students receives the Emergency Financial Aid Grants 

and the amount under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.   

 The total amount of funds that the institution will receive, or has received under the 

HEERF student portion from the U. S. Department of Education pursuant to the 

Certification and Agreement for Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students is 

$415,510.00. 

 

 The total amount of Emergency Financial Aid Grants distributed to students as of the date 

of reporting (i.e. the first 30-day deadline), and every 45 days thereafter is $410,350.00. 

 

 The estimated total number of students at the institution eligible to participate in the 

programs under Section 484 in the Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as 

amended (HEA) is 284. 

 

 The total number of students who have received an emergency grant is 284. 

 



 The college estimated that each student will receive $1,350.00 due to the disruption of 

campus operations caused by the global pandemic. 

 

Student Eligibility  

Students identified according to the established eligibility guidelines with qualifying expenses 

will be considered for CARES Act funding.  Federal eligibility requirements include: 

 Being enrolled or accepted for enrollment in a degree, certificate or other recognized 

educational credential (including a program of study abroad approved for credit by the 

eligible institution at which such student is enrolled)—that is, a regular student under 34 

CFR 600.2); 

 Not being enrolled in elementary or secondary school and have a high school diploma or 

its recognized equivalent; 

 Maintaining satisfactory academic progress (SAP) if the student is currently enrolled; 

 Not owing an overpayment (refund) on Title IV grants; 

 Not owing an overpayment (refund) on a Title IV Loan; 

 Not being in default on a Title IV Loan; 

 Filed with The U.S. Department of Education “as part of the original financial aid 

application process” a certification (Statement of Educational Purpose) that includes: 

o A statement of educational purpose, and; 

o The student’s Social Security Number (SSN); 

 Being a U.S. citizen or national, a permanent resident, or an eligible noncitizen. 

 Having returned any fraudulently obtained Title IV funds, if the student is convicted of 

or pled guilty or no contest to charges; 

 Not having fraudulently received Title IV Loans in excess of annual or aggregate limits; 

 Having repaid any Title IV loan overpayment amounts in excess of annual or aggregate 

limits, if obtained inadvertently; 

 Having Selective Service registration verified (the Title IV aid ineligibility for failure to 

register is actually in the Selective Service Act 3811(f)); 

 Having a valid SSN, except for residents of the Federated States of Micronesia, Republic 

of the Marshall Islands, or the Republic of Palau; 

 Not having a federal or state conviction for drug possession or sale, with certain time 

limitations; 

 Students must be enrolled at Arkansas Baptist College for the spring 2020 term; 

 Students that withdrew from the college prior to March 13, 2020 are not eligible to 

receive funds; and,  

 Any student enrolled in exclusively online classes for their academic program prior to 

the transition to remote instruction are not eligible to receive funds.   



Students that currently do not meet these criteria will be awarded on a case by case basis after 

meeting the eligibility requirements and if funds are available. 

 
 

Notification to Students 
 
Emails were sent to potential eligible students as notification of the CARES Act funds and the 
eligibility requirements.  In the email, students were informed of the checks mailed by Arkansas 
Baptist College starting May 22, 2020.  Students were informed to contact the Registrar, if the 
current address changed or is different from the address of record for the College.