CARES ACT Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds Disclosure 

Carrington College Sacramento (OPEID 00974800) – Updated 10/15/20 

 

CARES ACT Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds Disclosure Carrington College Sacramento (OPEID 00974800) 

 

As an institution of higher learning participating in the Title IV Federal Financial Aid Program, Carrington 

College has been allocated Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds as part of the Coronavirus Aid, 

Relief and Economic Security Act, that was signed into law by President Trump on March 27, 2020. 

According to the Department of Education’s methodology, Carrington College Sacramento (which 

includes branch campuses in Citrus Heights, CA, Ontario, CA, Pleasant Hill, CA, San Jose, CA, San 

Leandro, CA, and Stockton, CA) is eligible to receive $5,403,151 in funds.  The Department’s 

methodology for institutional grants can be found at 

https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ope/heerf90percentformulaallocationexplanation.pdf 

On April 17, Carrington College Sacramento agreed to receive the first half of available funds 

($2,701,576), and certified that all of those funds will be made directly available to eligible students via 

emergency aid grants.  This grant aid is intended to reimburse students for their expenses related to the 

disruption of campus operations due to coronavirus, such as food, housing, course material, technology, 

health care and child-care expenses. 

Eligible students are defined as individuals that meet four key conditions: 

1) The student is eligible for Federal Financial Aid; 

2) The student was enrolled in a campus-based or blended program at a Carrington College 

campus as of March 13, 2020 and was still attending or an approved leave of absence on  

March 31, 2020; 

3) The student has signed a statement attesting to their having incurred qualified expenses, such 

as food, housing, course material, technology, health care and child-care expenses; 

4) The student was currently attending as of the date the attestation was returned to Carrington, 

graduated from the program that they were enrolled in on the date of the disruption, or were 

on an approved Leave of Absence which started after March 13, 2020. 

 

As of September 30, 2020, Carrington - Sacramento has issued $2,744,534 in Emergency Grant Awards 

to 2,685 students. This exceeds the total student portion of the Higher Education Emergency Relief 

Fund, with the overage paid from the institutional portion of the CARES Act Award. 

These funds have been issued in two rounds, with the initial Emergency Grant amounts determined such 

that all eligible students would receive an award, with Pell Grant Recipients receiving award equal to 

150% that of non-Pell Grant Recipients. Not all eligible students completed the Attestation Form. Also, 

some students’ checks were returned as undeliverable or were marked as expired after they showed as 

uncashed in the bank ledger. In each case, the College made a concerted effort to contact these 

students via phone, email and text for a forwarding address. Any unclaimed funds were returned to the 

general pool for a second round of Emergency Grant Awards.  

The second round of awards was coordinated by a CARES Act Committee consisting of college faculty 

and administrators representing several campuses and the central office. They developed a CARES 

Needs Survey that assigned award amounts based upon each respondents claim of decreased household 

income and/or an increased monthly expense related to health care costs, and/or increased monthly 

expenses related to child care costs. Students claiming one area of need received a base award, with 

https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ope/heerf90percentformulaallocationexplanation.pdf


CARES ACT Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds Disclosure 

Carrington College Sacramento (OPEID 00974800) – Updated 10/15/20 

 

CARES ACT Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds Disclosure Carrington College Sacramento (OPEID 00974800) 

 

those claiming two areas of need receiving a base award plus 25% and those claiming three receiving a 

base award plus 50%. Students claiming no areas of need were determined to not receive a second 

award. 

Award checks are still in the process of being printed and delivered to students. The total award amount 

may decrease as some students’ awards are returned as undeliverable and students fall out of 

communication, as occurred in the first round of awards; however, the college is confident that more 

than the allotted student portion will have been issued to students after the final accounting.