CARES Act Report  
As of May 22, 2020 
 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress recently passed the CARES Act, and it was 
subsequently signed by the President of the United States.  Colleges and universities which 
received emergency grants from this legislation are required to periodically report on the items 
listed below in bold print.  Faulkner University’s responses are listed immediately below each 
requirement. 
 
 
1. An acknowledgement that the institution signed and returned to the 
Department the Certification and Agreement and the assurance that the 
institution has used, or intends to use, no less than 50 percent of the funds 
received under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act to provide Emergency 
Financial Aid Grants to students. 

Faulkner University signed and submitted the Recipient's Funding Certification and 
Agreement for both the Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students under the 
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, as well as the 
Institutional Portion of the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Formula Grants 
Authorized by Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.  The certification and agreement 
for the Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students and the Institutional Portion were 
signed and submitted to the Department of Education, via grants.gov, on April 21, 2020 
and April 22, 2020, respectively. 
 
Faulkner University will comply with the requirement that no less than 50 percent of the 
funds received under Section 18004(a)(1) will be used to provide Emergency Financial 
Aid Grants to students. 
 

2. The total amount of funds that the institution will receive or has received from 
the Department pursuant to the institution’s Certification and Agreement [for] 
Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students. 

Faulkner University received an allocation of $1,211,489 under Section 18004(a)(1) to 
be used for Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students.  The funds were made 
available to Faulkner University by the Department of Education on May 5, 2020, and all 
of the allocated funds must be disbursed as emergency financial aid grants to eligible 
students by May 4, 2021. 
 



3. The total amount of Emergency Financial Aid Grants distributed to students 
under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act as of the date of submission (i.e., as 
of the 30-day Report and every 45 days thereafter). 

As of May 22, 2020, Faulkner University has disbursed $1,077,350 in Emergency 
Financial Aid Grants to students under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act. 
 
 

4. The estimated total number of students at the institution eligible to participate 
in programs under Section 484 in Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 and 
thus eligible to receive Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students under 
Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act. 

Faulkner University estimates that 1,283 students at the institution are eligible to 
participate in programs under Section 484 in Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 
1965 and thus eligible to receive Emergency Financial Aid Grants under Section 
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act. 
 
 

5. The total number of students who have received an Emergency Financial Aid 
Grant to students under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act. 

As of May 22, 2020, a total of 1,162 students have received Emergency Financial Aid 
Grants under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act at Faulkner University. 
 
 

6. The method(s) used by the institution to determine which students receive 
Emergency Financial Aid Grants and how much they would receive under Section 
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act. 

To satisfy requirements for an Emergency Financial Aid Grant under Section 
18004(a)(1) of the​ ​CARES Act at Faulkner University, a student is required, at 
minimum, to meet the following criteria: 
 

● Must have been enrolled in at least one on ground class as of March 13, 2020 
● Must have a 2019-2020 FAFSA on file in the Financial Aid Office 
● Must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) 
● Must not be in default on student loans 

 



A total of 1,163 students were determined to have met the requirements to receive a 
grant.  An additional 121 students were deemed potentially eligible if they complete the 
2019-2020 FAFSA before May 31, 2020. 
 
Once the list of eligible, and potentially eligible, students was completed, a matrix was 
designed to determine the dollar amount an eligible student would receive.  The 
student’s EFC was used, along with enrollment status (full time, three quarter time, half 
time, or less than half time), to determine the grant amount for each student.  The 
higher the need, based on EFC, the greater the award.  Grants range from $1,200 for 
students enrolled full time with the highest need down to $100 for students enrolled less 
than half time with the lowest need.  The matrix utilized is provided below. 
 

 
 
 

7. Any instructions, directions, or guidance provided by the institution to 
students concerning the Emergency Financial Aid Grants. 

Two separate informational emails were designed and sent to qualified students, or to 
those who could potentially qualify, for Emergency Financial Aid Grants.  Email #1 
(below) was sent to those who qualified to receive a grant without taking any additional 
action.  Email #2 (below) was sent to those who could potentially qualify, but needed to 
complete a FAFSA to meet qualifications. 
 
Email #1 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress recently passed the CARES Act, and it was 
subsequently signed by the President of the United States.  Certain funds were distributed to 
colleges and universities to be awarded as grants to eligible students.  As part of the 
requirements to potentially qualify, a student must have been enrolled and attending at least 
one on ground class as of March 13, 2020, and must have had a Free Application for Federal 
Student Aid (FAFSA) on file for the spring 2020 semester.  Our records indicate you have met 
those and all additional requirements. 
 



These funds are being distributed to provide emergency cash grants to college students whose 
lives and educations have been disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak. You are not obligated to 
repay this grant and you are not required to submit receipts to the University showing how you 
have used this grant. 
 
Also, please note that different colleges and universities received varying amounts of money to 
be used as grants and to be distributed in accordance with their discretion.  This means you 
may receive a grant which is greater or lesser than your fellow Faulkner students, and you may 
receive a greater or lesser award than students at other colleges and universities. 
 
Funds will be distributed electronically if you have previously authorized this with Student 
Accounts.  If not, a check will be mailed to the permanent address on your account.  As of 
today, it is our intent to begin distributing these funds sometime during the week of May 18. 
With that in mind, students are encouraged to refrain from contacting our offices regarding these 
funds as it will potentially cause delays in their distribution. 
 
One of our most important goals has been to make these funds available to eligible students as 
quickly as possible.  I'm pleased to say that Faulkner will be among some of the earliest 
colleges and universities to accomplish this goal. 
 
I trust that all of you are well during this time and pray for your continued well-being. 
 
 
Email #2 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress recently passed the CARES Act, and it was 
subsequently signed by the President of the United States.  Certain funds were distributed to 
colleges and universities to be awarded as grants to eligible students.  
 
The primary eligibility threshold for students to qualify for student aid under the CARES Act is 
the requirement that a student be eligible for Title IV funds.  For purposes of documenting 
eligibility, Faulkner University is requiring a student to have a Free Application for Federal 
Student Aid (FAFSA) on file.  Our records currently indicate you do not have one on file with our 
Financial Aid Office.  If you wish to be considered in the distribution of student aid, you must 
complete a FAFSA for the ​2019-2020​ award year by May 31, 2020.  
 
Many questions regarding FAFSA completion can be answered by visiting our website at 
www.faulkner.edu​.  Any additional questions should be directed to the Financial Aid Office by 
email at ​faid@faulkner.edu​. 
 
I trust that all of you are well during this time and pray for your continued well-being.  
 
 

http://www.faulkner.edu/