CRRSAA Report


Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental
Appropriations Act (CRRSAA) Report
Final Report - June 29, 2021

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress passed the Coronavirus Response and
Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act (CRRSAA), and it was subsequently signed by the
President of the United States.  Colleges and universities which received emergency grants
from this legislation are required to periodically report on the items listed below in bold print.
Faulkner University’s responses are listed immediately below each requirement.

1. An acknowledgement that the institution signed and returned to the
Department the Certification and Agreement and the assurance that the
institution has used the applicable amount of funds designated under the
CRRSAA program to provide Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students.

Under the terms of the Supplemental Grant Funds for Students Agreement, Faulkner
University agreed to be bound by the conditions set forth in that agreement by drawing
down the grant funds.  The University had previously signed and submitted the
Recipient's Funding Certification and Agreement under HEERF I for both the
Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and
Economic Security (CARES) Act, as well as the Institutional Portion of the Higher
Education Emergency Relief Fund Formula Grants Authorized by Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.  The certification and agreement for the Emergency Financial Aid
Grants to Students and the Institutional Portion for the CARES Act were signed and
submitted to the Department of Education, via grants.gov, on April 21, 2020 and April
22, 2020, respectively.

2. The total amount of funds that the institution will receive or has received from
the Department pursuant to the institution’s Certification and Agreement for
Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students under CRRSAA.

The Student Aid portion allocated to Faulkner University under section 314(a)(1) of
CRRSAA was $1,211,489.



3. The total amount of Emergency Financial Aid Grants distributed to students
under the CRRSAA program as of the date of submission (i.e., as of the initial
report and every calendar quarter thereafter).

Faulkner University has disbursed $1,214,050 in Emergency Financial Aid Grants to
students under CRRSAA.

4. The estimated total number of students at the institution that are eligible to
receive Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students under the CRRSAA program.

Faulkner University estimates that 2,785 students at the institution were eligible to
receive Emergency Financial Aid Grants under the CRRSAA program.

5. The total number of students who have received an Emergency Financial Aid
Grant under CRRSAA.

A total of 1,407 students have received Emergency Financial Aid Grants under
CRRSAA at Faulkner University..

6. The method(s) used by the institution to determine which students receive
Emergency Financial Aid Grants and how much they would receive under
CRRSAA.

To satisfy requirements for an Emergency Financial Aid Grant under the CRRSAA
program at Faulkner University, a student is required, at minimum, to meet the following
criteria:

● Must have been enrolled in the Spring 2021 semester for at least one class as of
March 15, 2021

● Students who withdrew from all classes not included
● Must have a 2020-2021 FAFSA on file in the Financial Aid Office with an EFC of

5711 or lower
● Must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (used prior to guidance issued

on May 11, 2021)
● Must not be in default on student loans



A final total of 1,407 students were determined to have met the requirements to receive
a grant. Once the list of eligible students was completed, a matrix was designed to
determine the dollar amount an eligible student would receive.  The student’s EFC was
used, along with enrollment status (full time, three quarter time, half time, or less than
half time), to determine the grant amount for each student.  The higher the need, based
on EFC, the greater the award.  Grants ranged from $1,000 for students enrolled full
time with the highest need down to $100 for students enrolled less than half time with
the lowest need.  The matrix utilized is provided below.

EFC Range
Full Time Three Quarter Time Half Time Less Than Half

Time
0 1500 1,000 750 500 250

1501 3000 900 650 400 200
3001 4500 800 550 300 150
4501 5711 700 450 200 100

7. Any instructions, directions, or guidance provided by the institution to
students concerning the Emergency Financial Aid Grants.

Students who met the established criteria to receive an Emergency Financial Aid Grant under the
CRRSAA received the following email March 16-17, with a click-through link to a survey.
Those who had not responded to the survey as of March 19, received the email and survey a
second time asking them to complete it.

Subject: CRRSAA Emergency Grants

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress recently passed the Coronavirus Response and
Supplemental Appropriations Act (CRRSAA). Certain funds are being distributed to colleges and
universities to be awarded as emergency grants to eligible students. Based on current guidance from the
U.S. Department of Education, students with the greatest need are to be prioritized with these awards.
Our records indicate you have met the requirements to receive an emergency financial aid grant from
these funds.

Please note that different colleges and universities received varying amounts of money to be used as
grants and to be distributed in accordance with their discretion. This means you may receive a grant
which is greater or lesser than your fellow Faulkner students, and you may receive a greater or lesser
award than students at other colleges and universities.

One change from the emergency financial aid grant which some students received last year is that
CRRSAA gives a student the option to apply this emergency financial aid grant to your Student



Accounts Balance. Please complete a very brief survey by March 22 telling us how to process your
grant by clicking here. Anyone eligible who does not respond by the above date will receive their funds
by direct deposit or check, as determined by the Student Accounts Office.

It is our intent to begin distributing funds immediately after the March 22 deadline has passed. Students
are encouraged to refrain from contacting our offices regarding these funds as it will potentially cause
delays in their distribution. Thank you for your prompt reply and consideration in this matter.

(When they click and go to the survey, the text below would appear.)

To help us get the student emergency financial aid grant allocated to you as quickly as possible, we
are asking that you complete the following survey indicating how you would like to receive the
funds. Please complete by March 22, 2021.

___ Please apply any funds, for which I am eligible, to any outstanding tuition, fees, housing, meal plan,
or related charges on my Student Account.

___ Check (please make sure your mailing address is current with the Student Accounts Office)

___ Direct Deposit